[WIP] CE - Add documentation for CollaborationList new operations (#1035)
vaadin/docs: articles/ce/overview.asciidoc

image:components/images/collaboration-messages-example.png[Chat between users on updating information]

Low-level API::

> Build your own collaborative experiences by sharing data in a [classname]#CollaborationMap# and [classname]#CollaborationList# data structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build your own collaborative experiences by sharing data in [classname]#CollaborationMap# and [classname]#CollaborationList# data structures.
```

A topic can be compared to a chat room; it has an identifier (topic ID) that is unique in the context of the application, and participating members will receive all updates relating to any topic that they are participating in.
Topic IDs are free-form strings that the developer may choose, such as "app" or "contract-126-address".
When building a topic for a work item, it is a good convention to have the name of the entity and the identifier for the entity in the topic ID.
For example, if you are making a form for editing a [classname]#Person# entity, and the [classname]#Person# has the ID 120, a good topic name would be "person/120".

[[ce.overview.helpers]]
=== Helpers for Specific Use Cases

Collaboration Engine includes several high-level APIs that address the specific use cases of collaboratively editing a form and having real-time discussions.

[classname]#CollaborationBinder# enhances the regular Vaadin [classname]#Binder# to share the current value of each field with all other users configured to use the same topic.

> [classname]#CollaborationAvatarGroup# is a component that shows the avatar of every user who is present in a given topic, for example all the users currently looking at or editing the same item.

Reviewer 2: "item" is a bit vague for an example. Consider replacing with "form".

[classname]#CollaborationMessageList# is a component that displays messages submitted with a [classname]#CollaborationMessageInput# component in real time.

[[ce.overview.managers]]
=== Collaboration Managers

> Collaboration Managers provide a middle-level API to handle collaborative data in the most common use cases and let developers build their own collaborative logic and custom components:

Reviewer 2: Consider: Collaboration Managers provide a mid-level API to handle collaborative data for the most common use cases and lets developers build their own collaborative logic and custom components:

[classname]#PresenceManager# lets you mark user presence in a Topic and subscribe to presence changes (more in <<managers/presence-manager, this article>>).

[classname]#MessageManager# can submit messages to a Topic and subscribe to incoming new ones (more in <<managers/message-manager, this article>>).

[[ce.overview.api]]
=== Low-Level API

The low-level Topic API allows synchronizing arbitrary data between users.
It is used internally by Collaboration Managers but can also be used separately to create custom collaborative user experiences.

> The entry point to using the Topic API is by opening a [classname]#TopicConnection# through [methodname]#CollaborationEngine.getInstance()#.

Reviewer 2: CollaborationEngine.getInstance() is not directly how you open a TopicConnection. Replace this with a reference to CollaborationEngine.getInstance().openTopicConnection().

Author: Right, changed to `CollaborationEngine::openTopicConnection` which is the correct method reference 👍

> A topic can be compared to a chat room - it has an identifier (topic id) that is unique in the context of the application and participating members will receive all updates made to any topic that they're participating in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A topic can be compared to a chat room; it has an identifier (topic ID) that is unique in the context of the application, and participating members will receive all updates relating to any topic that they are participating in.
```

> Topic ids are freeform strings that the developer may choose, like "app" or "contract-126-address".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Topic IDs are free-form strings that the developer may choose, such as "app" or "contract-126-address".
```

> When building a topic for a work item, it is a good convention to have the name of the entity, and the identifier for the entity in the topic id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building a topic for a work item, it is a good convention to have the name of the entity and the identifier for the entity in the topic ID.
```

> For example, if you are making a form for editing a [classname]#Person# entity, and the [classname]#Person# has the id 120, a good topic name would be "person/120".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you are making a form for editing a [classname]#Person# entity, and the [classname]#Person# has the ID 120, a good topic name would be "person/120".
```

[[ce.overview.helpers]]
=== Helpers for Specific Use Cases

> Collaboration Engine includes several high-level APIs that enable the specific use cases of editing a form together and having real-time discussions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collaboration Engine includes several high-level APIs that enable the specific use cases of collaboratively editing a form and having real-time discussions.
```

[classname]#CollaborationBinder# enhances the regular Vaadin [classname]#Binder# to share the current value of each field with all other users configured to use the same topic.

> [classname]#CollaborationAvatarGroup# is a component that shows the avatar of each user who is present in a given topic, for example, all the users currently looking at or editing the same item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[classname]#CollaborationAvatarGroup# is a component that shows the avatar of every user who is present in a given topic, for example all the users currently looking at or editing the same item.
```

[[ce.overview.managers]]
=== Collaboration Managers

Collaboration Managers provide a middle-level API to handle collaborative data in the most common use cases and let developers build their own collaborative logic and custom components:

[classname]#PresenceManager# lets you mark user presence in a Topic and subscribe to presence changes (more in <<managers/presence-manager, this article>>).

[classname]#MessageManager# can submit messages to a Topic and subscribe to incoming new ones (more in <<managers/message-manager, this article>>).

[[ce.overview.api]]
=== Low-Level API

The low-level Topic API allows synchronizing arbitrary data between users.
It is used internally by Collaboration Managers but can also be used separately to create custom collaborative user experiences.
The entry point to using the Topic API is by opening a [classname]#TopicConnection# through [methodname]#CollaborationEngine.getInstance()#.

A topic has multiple named maps and lists which are shared across connections.
Each map contains many <String-key, value> pairs, while a list contains ordered values.

> It is strongly recommended that shared values are immutable instances since subscribers are notified only when the shared value is replaced with another instance but not when the contents of an existing value is updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is strongly recommended that shared values should be immutable instances, as subscribers are notified only when the shared value is replaced with another instance, but not when the content of an existing value is updated.
```

[classname]#CollaborationBinder# enhances the regular Vaadin [classname]#Binder# to share the current value of each field with all other users configured to use the same topic.

[classname]#CollaborationAvatarGroup# is a component that shows the avatar of every user who is present in a given topic, for example all the users currently looking at or editing the same form.

[classname]#CollaborationMessageList# is a component that displays messages submitted with a [classname]#CollaborationMessageInput# component in real time.

[[ce.overview.managers]]
=== Collaboration Managers

> CollaborationCollaboration Managers provide a mid-level API to handle collaborative data for the most common use cases and lets developers build their own collaborative logic and custom components:

Reviewer 2: I think something went wrong here - CollaborationCollaboration should just be Collaboration. Also the change from "let" to "lets" is a typo in my review (sorry).

Author: Yeah, also my bad with copy/paste 😅 Fixed!
